Analysis and Reflection -- Cinema Paradiso

Cinema Paradiso is an Italian drama film released in 1988. The film is talking about a filmmaker recalling his childhood memory in his home village about Cinema Paradiso and cinema's projectionist. The movie starts with his mom trying to call him and inform about Alfredo's funeral, which recalls his childhood memory about village and people. The first part of childhood shows his interest and love with films and pictures. After the fire of Cinema Paradiso, he becomes the new projectionist and start to fall in love with a girl. However, the unstable of love frustrates him. With encouragement by Alfredo, he decides to leave the town and never come back. 

With character's childhood goes along, the places of film projecting, the villager's behavior and technologies of projecting are changing through several stages. At beginning, the film is projected at church, since the church has some proper qualities to being a theatre, like large size, central location, enough furnitures and so on. However, some content has to be limited by religious rules. After the fire, the theatre is rebuilt and owned by someone else. Without religious limitation, people can enjoy the movie with full emotion. Anti-fire movie tape, new projecting machine, all these new technologies allow a better projection and even outdoor projection. In the end the Cinema Paradiso is died and being tore down. It is because the technology of television. Nobody willing to go theatre and watch films.

One question thinking about Alfredo's behavior is why Alfredo want toto to leave and never comeback. And Alfredo himself is a projectionist in this village whole life. One potential answer is Alfredo wish himself can do that, but he never can and always being painful. He loves Toto, do not want Toto to repeat his life and want Toto can achieve the dream he cannot.