### FindTrip

This game is the final project of my game development course in RISD. It mainly test and experiment the use of GPS and AR on the Mobile plateform. The concept of this game is guiding people to explore the hidden treasure of outdoor world. First the map will indicate your location and where are these POI(Point of Interest). When you entering the range of one POI, the menu will be active. There are two icon button you can choice. One is will show the detail information and pictures of this POI. The another will switch the current GPS scene to an AR camera scene. Then it will loading the corresponding AR map data and trying to matching and locating the real world view. When match success, the AR Elements will show up in the view, and you can do some interaction with it and gain certain experience and rewards. In this prototype, there is a magic orb you can click, and it will generate a sky lantern. You can click it again after cooling time. And when you click the lantern, it will generate a light beam to connect the adjacent lantern in certain range.

In further development, a mission and reward system will be designed to appeal players to stay playing. And a Multi-player online system to emphasis its social functions. Player can see other player's lantern and connect they. Once the number of lantern big enough, the light and color effects will change,  the alive time of lantern will last longer, and player can get special honor and experience. This game will have a high potential social value. It will work like a social radar, people can know where is the active and popular area according to seeing the lanterns in the sky.

