Landscape Future

Before starting my declaration, I would like to generally review the history of landscape architecture as a profession. It started with landscape gardening for manor houses, palaces and royal properties in 1800. Then expanded its range to the private garden, public parks in the 1900s, to ecological design and planning in 2000s. Landscape architecture, like a growing root, keeps expanding, diversely reaching out new issues, and fostering new abilities. The ground is the economy and politics that support this field growing. Since we are big now, we start to care larger complex issues and to ask for more power and position in the political field, which is very unique comparing to any pure science, art, or technology field. As Dirk Sijmons said: landscape architecture is a cross-section of thousands of processes. Its complexity makes it like a complete creature or a human instead of an organ or a tool. 

It is the century of landscape architecture. We are growing so fast, so big, and still keep reaching out more. However, during the expansion, do not forget to review ourselves and keep changing. Right now, we are like a huge meatball named landscape architecture. And we have so many roles and titles on this single meatball: social equalizer, environmental justice, artist, agency, politician, economist, culture revitalizer, and so on. However, a landscape architect is not an almighty god, who can do anything and try to solve all the problems. I think it is the time to redefine ourselves, to make it an organized body with hands, feet, head, mouse, and eyes, which can split the complex problem apart and deal with it separately and collaboratively. For example: creating new branches of sub-profession like landscape ecologist, landscape urbanist, landscape visual designer, landscape experience designer, landscape technologist, landscape communicator, landscape craftsman, landscape administrator, landscape economist, landscape politics, landscape culturist, and so on. It would be much more effective and powerful with such diverse and specific structure to handle a large complex issue and to appeal diverse talents and cross-field talents to join in this field. 

See through history, our development and expanding cannot separate from the development of science and technologies. Because ecology science can discover and prove the ecological issue and prove the effectiveness of a solution, we have the opportunity to work on ecological design and planning. Because the new material and products have been created, we can design and build in a much broader range of choices. Because the Autodesk, Adobe, Google, Dell... these large technology company provide tremendous tools and information, we can easily represent our design beautifully, simulate proposed situation vividly, and working with teams effectively. However, the field of science and technology is running far faster and apart from what we are at, and landscape architecture seems more traditional and conservative in terms of experimenting and embracing new things comparing with architecture. The problem of being behind is the ineffective work and design when dealing with contemporary space and emerging complex problems. What we should do is actively updating our knowledge and upgrading our weapons, and prepared for all the new challenges from the unknown future. 

In conclusion, what I think the challenge that the landscape architecture will have in the future is more about internal revolution, about how we re-organize and redefine the diversity and complexity of this profession, and how we push ourselves to embrace the emerging information and knowledge from the outside world.

